PVC avoiding init creation (#841)
lightbend/cloudflow: docs/docs-source/docs/modules/cli/pages/cloudflow_deploy.adoc

Deploys a Cloudflow application to the cluster.

== Prerequisites

> To deploy a Flink or Spark application is necessary that a PVC named `cloudflow-flink' or `cloudflow-spark` already exists in a namespace that is equal 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To deploy a Flink or Spark application it is necessary that a PVC named `cloudflow-flink' or `cloudflow-spark` already exists in a namespace that is equal 
```

> to the application name. This name is the same that the json file you'll use to deploy but without the extension. e.g. For a file `swiss-knife.json` the namespace would be `swiss-knife`. Cloudflow will automatically mount this PVCs in the streamlets themselves to allow any job, Flink or Spark, to store its state.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
to the application name. This name is the exactly the same as the json file you'll use to deploy, excluding the extension. e.g. For a file `swiss-knife.json` the namespace would be `swiss-knife`. Cloudflow will automatically mount this PVCs in the streamlets themselves to allow any job, Flink or Spark, to store its state.
```

The arguments passed with `[config-key]=[value]` pairs take precedence over the files passed through with the `--conf` flag.

As pointed out in the prerequisites some existing PVC are required to deploy a Flink or a Spark application. Choosing which PVC to use can be also configured through `--conf` and this will override the default values mentioned above. Here's an example:

[source,bash]
----
cloudflow.runtimes.flink.kubernetes.pods.pod {
	volumes {
		foo {
			pvc {
				name = cloudflow-another-name
				read-only = false
			}
		}
	}
	containers.container {
		volume-mounts {
			foo {
				mount-path = "/mnt/flink/storage"
				read-only = false
			}
		}
	}
}
----

> This will use then `cloudflow-another-name` PVC instead of the default `cloudflow-flink`. You may override the default PVC configuration as long as `read-only` remains `false` and the `mount-path` is equal to `/mnt/[runtime]/storage`. Where `[runtime]` can be `flink` or `spark`. This configuration can only be applied to runtimes not streamlet individually. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This will use then `cloudflow-another-name` PVC instead of the default `cloudflow-flink`. You may override the default PVC configuration as long as `read-only` remains `false` and the `mount-path` is equal to `/mnt/[runtime]/storage`, where `[runtime]` can be `flink` or `spark`. This configuration can only be applied to runtimes not streamlet individually. 
```
